Meta Platforms, Inc. (Meta), formerly known as Facebook Inc., builds technologies that help people connect, find communities, and grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004, it changed the way people connect. Apps and services like Messenger, Instagram, WhatsApp, and Novi further empowered billions around the world. Now, Meta is moving beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality to help build the next evolution in social technology.

---

### Software Engineer, Systems Responsibilities

-   Research, design, develop, build and test operating systems-level software, compilers, and network distribution software for large distributed components that run our applications
-   Build new features and improve existing products
-   Work on problems of moderate scope    
-   Push code, drive the development of the systems behind our products, create web applications that reach billions of people, build high volume servers, and be a part of a team to connect people around the globe
-   Develop a strong understanding of relevant product area, codebase, and/or systems
-   Demonstrate proficiency in data analysis, programming and software engineering
-   Produce high quality code with good test coverage, using modern abstractions and frameworks
-   Receiving general instructions on routine work and detailed instructions on new projects or assignments, work independently, use available resources to get unblocked, and complete tasks on-schedule by exercising strong judgment and problem solving skills
-   Master internal development standards from developing to releasing code in order to take on tasks and projects with increasing levels of complexity
-   Actively seek and give feedback in alignment with company Performance Philosophy.
    

### Minimum Qualifications

-   Requires a Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Software, Computer Engineering, Applied Sciences, Mathematics, Physics, or related field. Position also requires completion of a university-level course/research project/internship/thesis, or 6 months of experience, in the following:
-   Coding in one of the following industry-standard languages: C, C++, Java, or C#
-   Python, PHP, or Haskell
-   Relational databases and SQL
-   Software development tools: Code editors (VIM or Emacs), and revision control systems (Subversion, GIT, or Perforce)
-   Linux, UNIX, or other *nix-like OS as evidenced by file manipulation, advanced commands, and shell scripting
-   Core web technologies: HTML, CSS, or JavaScript
-   Build highly-scalable performant solutions
-   Data processing, programming languages, databases, networking, operating systems, computer graphics, or human-computer interaction
-   Applying algorithms and core computer science concepts to real world systems as evidenced by recognizing and matching patterns from different areas of computer science in production systems
-   Distributed systems
    
### About Meta

Meta builds technologies that help people connect, find communities, and grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004, it changed the way people connect. Apps like Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp further empowered billions around the world. Now, Meta is moving beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality to help build the next evolution in social technology. People who choose to build their careers by building with us at Meta help shape a future that will take us beyond what digital connection makes possible today—beyond the constraints of screens, the limits of distance, and even the rules of physics.

Meta is committed to providing reasonable support (called accommodations) in our recruiting processes for candidates with disabilities, long term conditions, mental health conditions or sincerely held religious beliefs, or who are neurodivergent or require pregnancy-related support. If you need support, please reach out to  [accommodations-ext@fb.com](mailto:accommodations-ext@fb.com).